Release notes for 8.0.0-alpha2 (#13228)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

This section summarizes the changes in the following releases:

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-0-0-alpha2]]
=== Logstash 8.0.0-alpha2 Release Notes

==== Breaking changes

[[java-home-breaking-change]]
===== Removed support for JAVA_HOME
Support for using `JAVA_HOME` to override the path to the JDK that Logstash runs with has been removed for this release.

> In the `8.x` release, users should set the value of `LS_JAVA_HOME` to their preferred JDK path if they
> wish to use something other than the bundled JDK. The value of `JAVA_HOME` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `8.x` release, users should set the value of `LS_JAVA_HOME` to the path of their preferred JDK if they
wish to use a version other than the bundled JDK. The value of `JAVA_HOME` will be ignored.
```

> ==== Plugins
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
